here's a way to combine flavors and
ingredients of Eggs Benedict into a
baked breakfast casserole to serve a
crowd of hungry guests and family
members start by greasing at nine by 13
inch baking dish with cooking spray then
add two cups of milk to a bowl with
eight large eggs along with three
chopped green onions one teaspoon of
onion powder and one teaspoon of salt
or less to taste whisk together to
combine next layer half of the 3/4 pound
of Canadian bacon cut into half-inch
dice in the bottom of the prepared
baking dish spread six English muffins
cut into half inch cubes over the bacon
and top with the remaining Canadian
bacon now pour the egg custard over the
bacon cover the baking dish with plastic
wrap and refrigerate overnight in the
morning preheat the oven to 375 degrees
Fahrenheit and take out the casserole
from the refrigerator allow it to come
to room temperature
uncover and sprinkle the top of the
casserole with a half teaspoon of
paprika cover with the aluminum foil and
bake in the preheated oven until the
eggs are nearly set about 30 minutes
uncover the baking dish and continue to
bake until the eggs are completely set
about 15 more minutes during the last
few minutes of baking prepare a point
nine ounce package of hollandaise sauce
mix according to the directions or try
our blender hollandaise recipe from our
site drizzle the hollandaise sauce over
the casserole when serving and enjoy
with steamed asparagus and fresh fruit